[THEME MUSIC]
>> Now I'm going to tell you
one of the most astonishing UFO
stories that exists anywhere.
And it's incredible, and it's so
little-known it still blows me
away when I think about it.
And this is the incredible
story of a man named Dr. Eric
Walker and his confirmation
of the existence of the group
known as MJ-12, that is
the legendary elite group
of individuals responsible for
covering up the UFO reality,
that MJ-12.
Before we get to
Eric Walker, we've
got to do a little
bit of back story,
and this back story goes
back a couple of decades.
Way back in 1950, there was a
Canadian government official
by the name of Wilbert Smith.
Wilbert Smith was part of
the Canadian Department
of Transportation,
and he happened
to be really interested
in these flying
saucers that were
being discussed
in the news, these UFOs.
It was a big interest of his,
and in September of 1950,
Wilbert Smith had the occasion
to go to the Canadian Embassy
in Washington DC in the United
States doing some work there.
While he was in
Washington, Wilbert Smith
was able to meet with an
American scientist, a very
prominent and powerful
American scientist,
and they had a long conversation
about these flying saucers.
In this conversation,
the scientist
told Smith, oh, yes,
this is totally real.
Yes, this entire subject is the
highest security classification
in the United States
government, rating
higher even than
the hydrogen bomb.
Keep in mind, in 1950,
the hydrogen bomb
was, by far, the most prominent
military weapon being developed
in the world, and
it was absolutely
subject to the highest
levels of secrecy.
And here's this scientist
telling Wilbert Smith, no, no,
flying saucers, all of that
is rated much more secret
even than that project.
Smith gets all of
this information
and then writes a
classified memorandum
to his supervisors in
the Canadian government,
and this document wasn't
revealed for several decades.
Smith himself died in 1962,
and this memo that he wrote
was released during
the late 1970s.
And it's pretty amazing on its
own merits, without a doubt,
but wait, there's more.
Sometime after Smith died,
another Canadian researcher
by the name of
Arthur Bray was going
through Smith's old
papers in Ottawa
and found the original
handwritten notes
that Wilbert Smith had written
during that 1950 conversation,
and as a result, was able to
get the name of the scientist
Smith had been talking to,
and that scientist's name was
Robert Sarbacher.
It just so happened that
Robert Sarbacher was still
alive in the early 1980s
when his name leaked out
to a couple of American
UFO researchers.
One of them was Stanton
Friedman and another
was William Steinman.
Both of these men, at the
time, were very active
in the idea of UFO
crash retrievals.
And they thought, this is a
really interesting lead for us
to follow up.
So Stanton Friedman was
able to speak with Sarbacher
and did get a confirmation
that Sarbacher
had this particular
meeting with Wilbert Smith.
But it was William Steinman
who actually hit true pay
dirt with his meeting.
Sarbacher wrote a two-page
typed letter to Steinman
not only confirming his
meeting with Wilbert Smith
but stating that,
yes, this is all true.
We had been talking about
crash retrievals of UFOs
even back in the 1950s, that
he had heard from discussions
of his colleagues that
these beings were believed
to be constructed something
like insects, all of this
in this letter to Steinman,
which very quickly,
as you can imagine, made the
rounds among a lot of other UFO
researchers and beyond.
People in the
aerospace community
learned about this letter.
People within government
It kind of went everywhere.
So Sarbacher was a really
interesting connection
through this whole
Wilbert Smith thing.
And in conversations with
Sarbacher, Steinman--
shortly before
Sarbacher died in 1984,
Steinman learned that
there was someone
who probably had better direct
knowledge of the whole UFO
crash retrieval scenario.
When Sarbacher was talking
with Stanton Friedman in 1983,
he said that he knew of one
scientist, at least, who
had definitely attended meetings
at Wright-Patterson Air Force
Base concerning crashed and
retrieved flying saucers,
but he couldn't
remember the name.
About a year later, not
long before he died,
he had a similar conversation
with William Steinman.
But in this case,
the two of them
figured out that that
man was Dr. Eric Walker.
Now, Eric Walker was
a very well-known man.
He was probably most well-known
for having been the president
of Penn State University.
But he was also head of one
of the most prominent military
think tanks in the United
States, an organization known
as the Institute for
Defense Analyses.
But it was in his
capacity back in 1950-51
as the executive secretary
of the military Research
and Development Board where
Walker attended the meetings
at Wright-Patterson Air Force
Base concerning crashed UFOs
and flying saucers.
And this was a connection
that had to be followed up on.
Both Stanton Friedman
and William Steinman
followed up with Walker
pretty much immediately.
This is 1984 where they
wanted to inquire about this,
and they both just
completely got the brush-off.
In fact, Steinman had his
letter sent back to him
with a typed message
at the bottom saying,
stop, don't try to find
me, in capital letters.
The two of them dropped
the matter from this point
for a few years,
but then in 1987,
the MJ-12 controversy arose
within the UFO community.
And this, of course, was
the alleged leaked documents
pertaining to an
organization known
as MJ-12 that got a lot
of researchers up in arms
at the time.
Is this true?
Is this not true?
What's the story with MJ-12?
Steinman, at this time,
decided, you know,
I'm going to go find Eric Walker
again and see what happens.
Now that MJ-12 is out, let's
see if he wants to talk to me.
And he finds Eric Walker again.
This time, he calls
him on the phone.
It's kind of an amazing
situation happening here.
And to Steinman's
shock, when he's
asking him all of
these questions,
Walker is just
totally nonchalant.
Steinman says, look,
I'm calling concerning
meetings that I believe you had
around 1950 at Wright-Patterson
Air Force Base concerning
crashed UFOs and alien bodies
and so forth.
And Walker's answer actually
really astonished Steinman.
It was, yes, I attended those
meetings you're asking about.
What's the big deal?
What are you getting
so excited about?
Steinman continues
and he says, well,
what am I getting excited about?
This is about flying saucers.
This is about alien bodies.
This is the story
of the century.
I think this is very important.
I think the public has a
right to know about it.
And Walker says, look, you're
tilting at windmills here, pal.
This is way deeper than you have
any idea about, and the best
advice I can give
you is just drop this
and walk away from it.
Steinman's just blown away
by this whole response.
A, here's Walker
confirming it to him,
but he's doing it in
such a high-handed manner
that you could see
Steinman really was
getting a little bit annoyed.
I think they were getting
annoyed with each other
on the phone, but the
conversation continued.
Steinman actually
asked about MJ-12.
He said, have you heard of
this organization MJ-12?
And Walker says, yes, I've
known about MJ-12 for 40 years.
Keep in mind, it's
1987 when they're
having this conversation,
so that would take it back
to the late 1940s.
He says, I've known
about this for 40 years.
Again, what are you
getting so worked up about?
I'm not here to
satisfy your curiosity.
This is way beyond your ability.
Best advice, just
drop it and walk away.
Steinman says, I'm not
going to walk away.
And Eric Walker, presumably,
is like, yeah, fine,
whatever, conversation ends.
That's the first
conversation, kind of amazing.
So let's just pause
here at this moment.
Eric Walker was not part
of the conversation at all.
This was all about Wilbert Smith
leading to Robert Sarbacher.
Conversations with Sarbacher
confirm the whole UFO scenario
of the 1950s.
Sarbacher then gives up
the name Eric Walker.
Sarbacher dies.
Researchers find Walker.
And boom, here he is confirming
the reality of crashed UFOs,
alien bodies, and so forth.
He didn't do it right away.
Remember, back in 1984, he
was like, don't talk to me,
and all of that, but
then he breaks in 1987.
Now, we don't really know, why
did Eric Walker start talking
even a little bit in 1987?
And I've often asked
myself this question.
No one really knows.
Walker has been dead
for many years now.
But it could very well be
that, with the leak in 1987
of the MJ-12 documents,
maybe it's possible
that Walker was just
caught off guard.
Maybe he thought,
well, it's out.
I'll talk about this to this
random person on the phone.
Who knows?
We don't really know what
was going through his mind.
What we do know is that
Steinman continued to follow up,
but each time, he got less and
less information out of Walker.
He dropped out of
the investigation
and other researchers
like Grant Cameron,
who is still a very active UFO
researcher today, was involved.
His associate, T. Scott
Crain, also was involved.
The two of them tried following
up, getting information
from Walker, and getting these
little hints here and there,
but not really getting
the direct confirmation
that they were asking.
Another individual got
involved around 1990,
a man who went by different
names, Armen Victorian
and Henry Azadehdel,
among others,
who had a long series of
conversations with Walker
about this.
We've got the transcript
of this that he provided.
And in a couple of
their conversations,
he's talking to Walker about
the reality of this phenomenon.
Walker's saying,
look, unless you
have incredibly advanced
mathematics skills
or deep knowledge
of psi phenomena--
that is psi, P-S-I, that
is psychic phenomenon.
He said, unless you have
a high level of skill
in either of those,
no one's going
to want you for this program.
You have nothing to offer.
So he made that
much of an admission
and made additional
confirmations
of the reality of an
MJ-12-type group and a cover
up and so forth, indicating
that it was international,
not simply US, and things like
that, but that was about it.
That was about it.
And by the end of 1990 or
so, it was very obvious
that Eric Walker was not going
to be talking to anyone anymore
about this subject.
He pretty much shut it down
from that point onward.
Eric Walker died in 1995.
His papers, the ones that
are available at least,
don't have anything to do
with UFOs, MJ-12, or anything
like that.
But we do have these
interesting admissions, indeed.
I myself spoke with
William Steinman
some years ago about this and
other areas of his research.
Steinman was a very dedicated,
very motivated UFO researcher
for a number of years.
And even in my conversation
with him many years later,
he remained quite passionate
about the subject,
quite adamant about his
conversation with Eric Walker.
So I like this story of Eric
Walker for a lot of reasons,
but it's just this fascinating
journey, an almost convoluted
journey where you go from
one point to another point
to another point to another
point, and each of them,
along the way, provides
an unlikely but genuine
confirmation of not only the
UFO reality but of the reality
of retrieval of crashed UFOs
and the study of alien beings
and bodies along with it,
including the existence
of a group like MJ-12
that would be charged
with managing the
whole situation
from an international
point of view.
It's all there in the
Eric Walker story.
A few people have
written about it.
I wrote about it in
a couple of my books.
Other people have provided a
pretty detailed story of it,
but it's still one of these
all too little-known stories.
It should be much better-known
than it is, in my opinion.
Heck of a story.